MODULE DETAILS:
---------------
Description:
This module creates a link between OpenLearn and ATutor. It can be used 
to search for open learning resources, import content from OpenLearn into 
ATutor courses, or to preview content or download it in standard reusable 
content packages and common cartridges.  
	 

Website:
http://atutoropenlearn.wordpress.com/

About OpenLearn:
* OpenLearn gives free access to learning materials from The Open 
  University. It was launched back in October 2006. 
* OpenLearn's goal is free online education, open to anyone,  
  anywhere in the world. 
* In the first two years, OpenLearn grew to include over 8000 study hours of 
  learning materials from Open University courses. The website continues to grow 
  with new course materials being published regularly in LearningSpace.
For more information: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenLearn

Version:
Stable

License:
GPL/ATutor

Notes:
This module requires cURL extension and cron support.   


INSTALLATION
------------
1. Download the appropriate version of the module from the module's site.
http://atutoropenlearn.wordpress.com/

2. Uninstall any previous version of the module. 

3. Extract/Unzip the downloaded file into the mods/ directory of 
your ATutor installation. 
This will create a directory called ol_search_open_learn. 

4. Login to ATutor as the administrator

5. Choose the Modules Tab, then choose Install Modules. 

6. Select  from list of uninstalled modules, then press Install. 
Confirm by clicking the Yes button to complete the installation.

7. There are two modes of installation: either online or offline. 
In online mode(when internet connection is available), installation process 
uses internet connection to get repository file from OpenLearn. 
In offline mode (when internet connection is not available), it uses already 
downloaded repository file. Installation process takes a few minutes.    

8. From the Module Manager select the Search OpenLearn module then 
press Enable to make module available to users on the system.


FEATURES:
------------------
Common features for students & instructors:

   * Search: 
	- Get records based on entered keywords
   	- Apply OR/AND operator to multiple keywords:
          When you have multiple keywords then either "AND" or "OR"
          operator can be applied. "AND" operator extracts records that 
          contain all of the entered terms. "OR" operator extracts 
          records that contain one or all of the entered terms. Default
          operator is "AND".
        - Order by field:
          Users may change order of displayed search results. They may 
          change order based on title of record or date of record. If user 
          does not change this input then default order is used.
        - Search by field:
          Users may change fileds which are used for searching. They may 
          search using title, description and keywords of units. If they 
	  do not change input then all fields are used for searching.
        - Change maximum number of results displayed:
          10 results are shown by default. This module allows to change 
          this number. If a user wants more or less number of results to be 
          displayed on one page then he can change this number.

    * Download Content Package of the unit:
      Users can download content package using first icon shown in toolbar below 
      each search result.      

    * Download Common Cartridge of the unit:
      Users can download common cartridge using second icon shown in toolbar below 
      each search result.      

    * Preview unit:
      Users can view unit on OpenLearn's website using third icon shown in toolbar 
      below each search result. When user clicks on this tool, a popup window 
      appears which displays OpenLearn page of unit.

    * View RSS feeds of unit:
      Users can view RSS feeds of unit using fourth icon shown in toolbar below 
      each search result. This tool opens a new popup window.

    * Download .doc file of the unit:
      Users can download .doc file using fifth icon shown in toolbar below 
      each search result. This tool opens a new popup window. It first checks whether 
      unit provides .doc file or not. If it provides .doc file then a download link 
      appears. Otherwise an error message is displayed.    

    * Browse all units:
      If a user does not enter keyword in textbox of search form then all units 
      are displayed in result. 

Instructors:

    * Import unit:
      An instructor can import unit's common cartridge in his course. Each search result 
      on instructor's page has a button called "Import". When instructor clicks 
      this button, respective common cartridge file is first downloaded and then gets 
      imported in course. When this process finishes, a feedback message is displayed. 

Administrators:

    This module works on a table created using OpenLearn's repository. This 
    repository is dynamic. To include changes in ATutor's database, there are two 
    methods: automatic update using crontab and manual update using administrator panel. 

    * Administrator Panel:
      "Update Now" button is provided in left side of administrator panel. The text shown 
      above it shows when database was last updated. When administrator clicks 
      this button, all changes from repository are included in database. This method forms 
      manual update. 
  
    * Crontab:
      On right side of administrator panel, a form is displayed. First row shows URL of 
      repository and second row shows update database interval( cron interval ) in minutes.
      Administrator may change both or either one of the input fields. To disable automatic 
      updates enter 0 in update database interval. Cron needs to be setup on server before 
      automatic update process begins. For cron setup you may browse ATutor handbook or a link
      is provided on administrator panel of this module. If cron is setup and update database
      interval is non zero then automatic update process runs at specified interval. Default 
      value for update database interval is 1440 minutes( once per day ).
