MODULE DETAILS:
---------------
Description:
Search OpenLearn module allows you to search OpenLearn's wide range of 
units in ATutor. This module will be a great help to instructors as well as
students. It enables to search articles based entered keywords. 
An instructor can directly import units in his course. Students and 
instructors can download .doc file of unit, view RSS file, download 
Common Cartridge and Content Package. 

Website:
http://atutoropenlearn.wordpress.com/

About OpenLearn:
* OpenLearn is the UK Open University's contribution to the Open 
Educational Resources (OER) project. It is part-funded by 
the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation. OpenLearn is a member of the 
OpenCourseWare Consortium (OCWC).  
* Open Education materials make three contributions. They make new 
knowledge available to all (not just the few who can pay for it). 
They allow users to download, modify, translate and adapt to their 
culture to the material to enhance its usefulness. They provide the 
opportunity for people to work together to co-modify, co-produce, 
test and co-produce again, retesting derivative material which generates 
a cycle of rapid continuous improvement. Using technology Open Educational 
Resources aim to remove access barriers to knowledge and educational 
opportunities around the world.
For more information: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenLearn

Version:
Beta

License:
GPL/ATutor

Notes:
This module requires cURL extension and cron support.   


INSTALLATION
------------
1. Download the appropriate version of the module from the ATutor 
modules site.
ATutor Modules
http://www.atutor.ca/atutor/modules.php

2. Uninstall any previous version of the module. 

3. Extract/Unzip the downloaded file into the mods/ directory of 
your ATutor installation. 
This will create a directory called ol_search_open_learn/. 

4. Login to ATutor as the administrator

5. Choose the Modules Tab, then choose Install Modules. 

6. Select  from list of uninstalled modules, then press Install. 
Confirm by clicking the Yes button to complete the installation.

7. Now installation process starts. There are two modes of 
installation: online and offline. In online mode(when internet 
connection is available), installation process uses internet 
connection to get repository file of OpenLearn. In offline mode
(when internet connection is not available), it uses already downloaded 
XML file. Time taken for installation depends on speed of internet 
connection. Generally it takes a few minutes.    

8. From the Module Manager select the Search OpenLearn module then 
press Enable to make module available to users on the system.

9. Now enjoy module!

FEATURES:
------------------
Common features for students & instructors:

   * Search: 
	- Get records based on entered keywords
   	- Apply OR/AND operator to multiple keywords:
          When you have multiple keywords then either "AND" or "OR"
          operator can be applied. "AND" operator extracts records that 
          contain all of the entered terms. "OR" operator extracts 
          records that contain one or all of the entered terms. Default
          operation is "AND".
        - Order by field:
          Users may change order of displayed search results. They may 
          change order based on title of record or date of record. If user 
          does not change this input then default order is used.
        - Search by field:
          Users may change fileds which are used for searching. They may 
          search based on title, description and keywords of units. If they 
	  do not change input then all fields are used for searching process.
        - Change maximum number of results displayed:
          10 results are shown by default. This module allows to change 
          this number. If a user wants more or less number of results to be 
          displayed on one page then he can change this number.

    * Download Content Package of the unit:
      Users can download cp packages using first icon shown in toolbar below 
      each search result.      

    * Download Common Cartridge of the unit:
      Users can download cc packages using second icon shown in toolbar below 
      each search result.      

    * Preview unit:
      Users can view unit on OpenLearn's website using third icon shown in toolbar 
      below each search result. When user clicks on this tool, a popup window 
      appears which displays OpenLearn page of unit.

    * View RSS feeds of unit:
      Users can view RSS feeds of unit using fourth icon shown in toolbar below 
      each search result. This tool opens a new popup window with RSS feeds in it.

    * Download .doc file of the unit:
      Users can download .doc file using fifth icon shown in toolbar below 
      each search result. This tool opens a new popup window. It first checks whether 
      unit provides .doc file or not. If it provides .doc file then a download link 
      appears. Otherwise an error message is displayed.    

Instructors:

    * Import unit:
      An instructor can import unit's CC package in his course. Each search result 
      displayed on instructor's page has a button named "Import". When instructor clicks 
      on this button, respective unit is first downloaded and then gets imported in 
      course. When this process finishes, it displays a feedback message to him. 

Administrators:

    This module works on a table created using OpenLearn's repository. This 
    repository is dynamic. To include changes from repository to ATutor's database, 
    there are two modes: automatic update using cron and manual update. 

    * Update Now:
      This button is provided in left side of administrator panel. The text shown above this 
      button shows when database was last updated. When administrator clicks on "Update Now"
      button, all changes from repository are included in database. This forms manual type of 
      update. 
  
    * Cron settings:
      On right side of administrator panel, a form is displayed. First row shows URL of 
      repository and second row shows update database interval( cron interval ) in minutes.
      Administrator may change both or either one of the input fields. To disable automatic 
      updates enter 0 in update database interval. Cron needs to be setup on server before 
      automatic update process begins. For cron setup you may browse ATutor handbook or a link
      is provided on administrator panel of this module. If cron is setup and update database
      interval is non zero then automatic update process runs at specified interval. Default 
      value for update database interval is 1440 minutes( 24 hours ).
